
There is a graph that shows more "foreign-born" workers than those who are native-born in the US.
Immigrants are causing crime in the US.
takes a while to get across.

They give evidence through papers and bills that have been passed to give extensions. Also by interviewing people.

original video.

Some of the meetings that have occurred between Biden and the Mexican president. Also gives some numbers of migrants for both during the Biden and Trump administration.

People want immigrants to come to work but they don't care about the conditions the immigrants are working in.

There is more being done to deter immigrants from crossing the border.

President Biden is flying in immigrants into the US using tax payer dollars.

The recent migrants who have been coming have been causing problems and even the Latino community is noticing.

People are learning how to get across the border and are then helping others and getting paid to do so.

claim	opinion	summary
		
illegal Immigrants have caused crime and bankruptcy of "sanctuary cities". More foreign born workers in the US than natural born. Illegal immigrants bring wages down.	Biden can't claim a economic comeback since he has caused a negative economic impact by letting in illegal immigrants 	Jesse waters interviews another fox guy talking about how biden hasn't had an economic comeback and has instead had a illegal migrant crisis
		
7.2 million illegal immigrants have entered under biden, they have committed allot of crime incidents	illegal immigrants are dangerous and violent also bidens fault 	an image collage detailing news stories of the damage of which illegal immigrants have caused. Also has music placed in it of which you find at a funeral.
		
		guy is talking about how many people there are at the tijuna border trying to cross and talking about how long it takes to go through the line
		
	The elites don't want you to know this but illegal immigrants bad	a video of a woman stitching a man who is stitching a video of a woman talking at some event/public forum delivering an anti illegal immigrant speech with a anti government sentiment. The two people stitching aren't adding anything other then them nodding in agreement whenever the original woman says something
		
	the elites don't want you to know this but illegal immigrants bad	video of a woman delivering a speech about why illegal immigrants are bad using anti-government sentiment. There is some stuff on screen added by the reposter with some random voice just agreeing once in a while. 
		
The Australian liberal party said they were going to cut immigration but did not. 	the austrian liberal politicians don't fulfill there promises and don't have right wing immigration policy despite claiming they do to there base. 	clip of Kevin heart making a shocked face underneath the text talking about how the Austrialian liberal party didn't cut immigration despite there claims
		
"Biden has caused illegal immigration to go down Greg abbot has not. 
Trump got rid of 60 percent of the ways that people would legally migrate, caused illegal immigration to go up"	operation lone star bad biden good. 	guy is talking about what he has heard from government officials about immigration and what Biden is doing about it and that texas border policy is a waste of money. 
		
320,000 migrants have been flown into our country	Biden is spending allot of tax payer dollars to import illegal immigrants. 	a video of a republican politican on the congressional floor arguing for the H.R, 2882 bill. I believe this is a cspan recording. 
		
	american latino people don't like illegal immigrants 	A latino man is complaining about illegal immigration and saying that latino people living in america dislike them. 
		
	it's hard to cross the border and takes allot of effort and resilience. 	woman promoting your youtube video where she interviews a person whose story is about crossing the border.
		
migrants getting money for crossing the border. 	squatters bad 	a clip from the Joe rogan podcast which starts off talking about illegal immigrants getting money from crossing the border and then becoming squatters. From that point on they go away from immigration and start talking about squatters not related to immigration. 
		
1/3 woman face physical violence from there partner at some point in there lives. 		A news broadcast of about a man who murdered a woman he was romantically involved in. He was an illegal immigrant. 
		
man gets arrested for showing illegal immigrants how to be squatters	its a good thing he got arrested	A news article is cliped onto a screen with a clip of a guy shaking his head and an officer putting on his hat with court show music playing. The article is about a guy getting arrested for urging illegal immigrants to become squatters
		
	egyptian border better because no immigrants	depiction of a large group of people getting into an entanglement with the us military, with a picture up above of the Egyptian border. 
		
biden is allowing americans to be unsafe so he can get illegal immigrants to vote for him. 	illegal immigrants are bad and dangerous and biden is okay with that. 	A guy is talking about how illegal immigrants are bad and they are making americans unsafe and biden is importing them so he can get votes. A woman has stitched the video and peeps in and out of the frame to make faces. 
		
	people are coming in from all over the world to immigrate across the Mexico border	woman is talking to men at the border asking them how they got here and they are telling her that they are from various countries in southern Asia. 
		
	the migrant crisis is bad and we need to do something about it, they are dangerous and causing problems. Not supporting limits on immigration is absurd. 	a woman is talking over a clip of a fight a group of migrants had with law enforcement and talking about how there is a crisis at the border. 
		
	It's an extremely difficult and hard journey to cross the border which is very dangerous. 	A man is narrating over an emotional video of a man who was trying to flee to America and was left by the coyote and he is giving his thoughts on what the guy had to go through. 
		
ICE is underfunded		a news video talking about the fights that happen at the border. 
		
"Chinese citizens own land next to US military bases. 
states have the right to defend there borders"	states should be taking more action when it comes to the borders. 	a fox news broadcast intervening a congressman about the border crisis and Chinese citizens owning US land. 