claim	opinion	summary
		
"262 migrants have been reported to be kidnaped in march. 
an organization reported 1800 migrants have confirmed that 8 Ecuadorians have been kidnapped in the boarder"		A group of immigrant reported a kidnaping when they crossed the border between Guatemala and Mexico where the kidnaper wanted $100 dollars to let them go after paying they let them go with a mark more of these incidents keep happening sometimes even luring by promising to cross them over the boarder for $1 or stopping them and telling them they have to pay an amount or else they will be. interviews with witnesses and the kidnaped are seen in the video.
	The audio says "What have we here" which makes me believe they have caught them.	This video shows a lineup of people ranging from men, women, and one child it is seen that there are US border patrol checking them and their backpack/luggage is in front of them.
"24,296 Chinese immigrants have crossed the border (2024 first six months) 85% of them are single adults
as of 2023, there have been 24,125 Chinese immigrants who have crossed the border
an increase of 7,000% from 2021-2024 Chinese immigrants
50,000 getaways in El Paso"		Fox News has reported how there has been an increase of Chinese immigrants crossing the boarder illegally most of them passing in California and once in the USA most are having illegal marijuana growing operations in rural nail communities to combat this Texas national guards have put up anti-climbing barriers and because of this people are coming with bolt wires and ending with an event where a Honduran 18-year-old killed a senior in a car wreck.
	immigrants are not useful	Man making an opinion about sending immigrants to hunt for child pretties he calls it "alien Vs. perpetrators" and claims immigrants can be more useful in that way. 
	Illegals should not be getting free college	Man is talking to his phone about the topic on illegals being able to go to college for free, fast access to jobs from there tax money while others do not get this opportunity then he's making the views think about illegals getting free college. 
	It is good that New York is no longer a sanctuary city	Man reacting to New York no longer being a sanctuary city and how the Democratic Party has started to turn on immigrants. and New York governor buying plane tickets to send them back.
	Her husband shot the person because they where armed on there property (self defense)	Court video about a woman on trial because her husband shot an illegal person,  lawyers asking her questions about the day of the insident in where the woman is unsure and angry. 
"Every day 400 Ecuadorians are caught trying to get into the USA in an irregular way
as of 2024 51074 Ecuadorians have been detained
in January 200 kids came alone to the USA
in the previous years, 117000 immigrants have been deported without documents
95 immigrants kidnapped"		The video talks about how people are irregularly crossing the border and also the false advertisement of ensuring asylum to people who cross the USA which gives false hopes to them. the video tries to let people know that asylum is not for every person but for specific groups of people.
530000 people have been deported more then any other year since 2013		Ice has been deporting illegal immigrants back to various places in latin America by plane. 
		"The man makes a joke about changing his mind on migrants making viewers think its based on migrant people but then switches the camera around and all along he was talking about bird migration.
"
		Man talks about how people can now cross to the USA legally without a passport due to a type of visa called laser he talks about what the visa does and what it is for.
		A young man is talking about the pro-Hamas protests causing intercession in the golden gate bridge then asking when they will block the US southern border instead.
	You do not need to speak English to take the citizenship test	Women talking about the exceptions for people who want to take the US citizenship test but do not speak English. 
135 migrant Venezuelans who have been sent back today (today in the video)	If you come to the USA you will immediately be sent back. 	Video sharing news about planes sending back immigrant people to where they came from in this video they are especially talking about Venezuelans. 
		"News broadcast talking about a new law that will be settled in July 2024 which permits the authority to ask about people's immigration status and report it back to ICE police.
"
		
		Creator sharing news about the border closer of the USA because they can no longer receive more people. and the high amount of people who are coming to the USA for welfare with out wanting to works keeps increasing. 
The congress woman Maria Elvira Salazar has said that her new law is trying to create a solution. 		Video about sharing news to illegal immigrants who are undocumented that a new upcoming law may take place to give them a chance to leave the USA but with a fee of $1000 dollars a year for 10 years this is for those who have been in the USA for more then 5 years. 
1400 people have entered the USA this year.		News being shared about Biden trying to fully close the south borders of the USA.

claim	opinion	summary
		
there is allot of pedos in places of political power	mostly a joke post but polticans bad and pedos, illegal immigrants aren't that great either	a guy is talking to phone making a joke about how illegal aliens should hunt politicians so that it can be "aliens vs predator"
		
illegal immigrants get free education and college	illegal immigrants are prioritized over US citizens. 	a guy whispering into his phone complaining about how illegal immigrants get free college and how it's unfair for people who live here. He has a cartoon of an extraterrestrial alien on screen to represent illegal immigrants. 
		
New York city ended there "sanctuary city status" 	the libtards are dumb and they owned themselves with there own migrant policies and costed themselves a bunch of taxpayer money. 	a guy is talking behind a green screen about why he thinks new York has changed there sanctuary city policy. He is talking over a fox news clip. He then tries to get people to buy his wallets. He said that 
		
	unsure, but I think they are trying to say they are getting ready to fly over on airplanes across the united states? 	a video with some eerie music starts off with a voice saying "what do we have here?" and then proceeds to show men lined up with backpacks getting searched by guards
		
A large number of Chinese citizens have been crossing the border, since the Biden administration. 	biden has caused people from over the world to realize that the us mexico border is a good place to go across	a fox news clip of them talking about Chinese people crossing the US Mexico border and a clip of what Susan colins had to say about it. 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
only white people in Poland	people of color ruin cities	a video of a person walking through a Polish city at night where everyone is white and the city looks relatively safe and clean. It is captioned with the title "nightlife in Poland what do you notice?". The song is a common song played over many similar types of videos. 
		
		
	Pro Palestine protestors bad and southern border is more important than the genocide of the palestian people. 	A guy is complaining about how the protestors are protesting the genocide in izrael instead of protesting the fact that people cross our southern border and wants them to blockade it.  
		
		
		
	The real migrant crisis is the birds. 	Funny video of a guy pretending like he is complaining about "migrants" when he is talking about birds who migrate which is revealed in the punchline. 
		
		
		
	It's absurd that she is on trial. 	a clip of a woman on trial saying that she wasn't counting the shots of the people because she was in a state of emergency. The caption says that her husband shot illegal immigrants who had guns and camouflage on there property. She is saying how she couldn't remember specifics when being asked by the prosecutor about it. 
		
The government is spending money on housing migrants. 	our government is wasting tax payer dollars on migrants. 	A video of a guy talking about the specific situation of migrant hotels in chigaco, then he goes to interview a woman talking about her situtation and then talks about how it is burden on tax payers. 
		
Illegal immigrants get housing and welfare. 	everyone agrees that illegal immigrants are ruining Chicago and they should go. 	a guy interviewing another guy about what he thinks should be done with illegal immigrants. The other guy says they need to leave Chicago and its to packed. Then he talks about how they get free stuff and the other guy agrees. Then he talks about how homeless people don't get anything. Then he says that the Chicago mayor needs to "get on business". 
		
Salt lake city is a kind of/kind of not a sanctuary city. 	sanctuary cities bad, salt lake city is kind of one but other cities are worse. 	a guy talking to people in utah and talking over images about the sanctuary city status of salt lake city and utah. The very end of the video talks about what the city does for migrants. 
		
people are running away from the cops in NYC because they have started to deport people. 	unsure	a video of a group of people standing out in new York screaming and filming while police are standing around and police cars are driving by. The captions say that people are running from police because they are going to round them up and deport them
		
There is a disease and measles outbreak in the Chicago shelter	migrants are bringing diseases and they need to go. 	a video of a woman dueting a video of a woman talking about how a child died in a shelter and how measles, sepsis and other diseases which are communicable diseases are spreading around in and out of the shelter. The woman then goes to talk about how they need to be deported. The woman who is dueting doesn't do anything other than make a few faces. 
		
		
military age males are invading our country. 	The people coming here are going to do violent things. 	"a video of a bunch of people getting off a boat on the beach and then running up onto the beach to get into a car. 

military aged males mentioned!"
		
Many Venezuelan migrants have left the country because of the economic collapse in there country. 	Biden is better to illegal immigrants and they are coming here because of him. 	a video about how migrants have come over the border from venuzala because there country has faced hardship. He asks migrants how much money they had to pay the cartel to take them here, and then asked them if they liked Biden which they said they did. 
		
18 states allow illegal immigrants to get drivers licenses. States allow driver licenses as enough proof to allow you to vote. 	democrats are racist and want to commit election fraud	A video of a woman talking about the bill that mike johnson put forth called "the save act". She explains the bill and why she agrees with it. Then she switches over to a video put out by prageru of an interview of people in NYC of white liberals saying that black people don't know how to get ids and then switches to black people saying they have ids. She mentions how the bill prevents election fraud and closes a voting loophole. 
		
		
		
Migrants can get free flights outside of NYC. 	The city is trying to cover up there "migrant crisis" and they are giving away free flights which is bad. 	a woman who doesn't know how to turn off her volume on her phone is dueting a video of a woman on the street of new york saying that the migrants are all gone because the city is trying to cover up the migrants there. The woman reads a sign about booking free flights for the migrants to places outside the city. 
		
student suspended for using the word illegal immigrant in class. 	he shouldn't have been suspended and it's not bad what he did or to say the word illegal immigrant. 	a guy is narrating over an article about how a kid was suspended for using the word illegal alien. He explained what he saw was the situation. The guy defends the kid. He talks about how he is opposed to not allowing people to use that word. 
		
People are entering this country via boat. 	something "fishy" is going on with people entering the country via boat. 	a guy is narrating over a video of people entering the country via boat. He's playing the eerie and conspiracy tik tok sound. 

 Joe Biden just announce he is trying to completely close the south border (US/MX) through the use of section 212(f)	He is sounding the alarm to alert others about Bidens possible action to close the border, and saying that if biden accomplished this absolutely nobody [migrants] will be able to enter the country. Towards the end of the video he seems to support this motion by biden saying 'honestly there are already too many migrants in this country that deserve to get there papers first'.	Male speaking into camera in spanish 
 the city of chicago is treating migrants better than people who were born and raised there by giving them free hotels, free phones, 15k, and EBT cards.  	OPINION: migrants need to go back to where they came from or to another place because chicago is too full. They are being treated better than people from chicago including the homeless. 	White male interviewing a black male on city sidewalk
CLAIM: The shelters for migrants in Chicago is a corrupt business. Migrants are receiving free rent (tax payers pay the rent), EBT cards loaded with money for new house, and migrants are having 'anchor babies' to work the system.	the opinion this video conveys is that migrants are coming here and working the system. He mentioned that this lady got free rent, money for a house and had a baby who is now a us citizen and able to make her 500 dollar a month	video shows multiple images and video, then ends with a male interviewing a female holding a baby on a city street.
 a student got suspended for three days for saying illegal alien in class	The opinion here is that a student was just asking a clarifying question for a vocab "is it the alien from space or is it the alien that needs a green card" the man thinks the term illegal alien is not a term you cannot say and if you side with the school and want to use a different buzzword like newcomer or undocumented then you are part of the problem.	Male speaking into camera with image of an article behind him
		
 Illegal aliens are getting free college in some states. Also free food, 5-star hotels, laundry service, and first access to jobs	Opinion here is that illegal aliens are getting free college, room and board. He aso say they are putting illegal aliens to the front of the line for jobs. He also thinks affirmative action is racist.	Man speaking into camera with a filter of a beard and sunglasses on
		
 New york city is trying to get rid of its sanctuary status because its not working therefore leading its constituents to turn on the democratic party	OPINION: is that NYC should be helping its own residents with taxpayers money instead of providing sanctuary cities	Video of man talking into camera and also displaying videos and images behind him on a green screen
 Customs and border patrol says there is a huge surge of chinese nationals, about 24,296, crossing into the US through Mexico	China is sneaking its citizens in to the US to come and open illegal marijuana growing operations in rural communities	Video of a news anchor from fox news reporting on a story about US/MX border crossing
 millions of people are leaving Venezuela because they can go from making 40 dollar per month to making 1,500 per month here in the US.	Migrants are leaving venezuela to make more money here in the US and are being supported by Joe Biden	male on street interviewing two other males
 Migrants are tearing apart the fabric of society by shitting in the streets, staying out all hours of the night, and are completely ungrateful		
 Beginning in July 2024 police officer can start asking migrants for their legal status and inform ICE	This video is talking about the detention and deportation of individuals who are not here legally. It seems more like a warning to migrant communities 	video in spanish of a news broadcast
 We should let illegal aliens go hunt down child predators  - they would be more useful that way	OPINION: sarcastic video about letting Illegal aliens go hunt down child predators so we can call it alien versus predators. 	Man recording himself speaking 
 Pro-Hamas protestors blocking traffic at the golden gate bridge should go block the US southern border	OPINION: Pro-hamas protestors should be blocking the US/MX border instead of blocking traffic on the golden gate bridge	Male self-recording speaking into camera
 Video of people with carry-on luggage	The opinion here may be questioning why some people crossing the border have carry on luggage. maybe they flew from somewhere	video outside in a desert are of people lined up with their bags and border patrol checking them
 ICE has planned numerous flights to deport undocumented people back to countries like central america, columbia, dominican republic, ecuador, mexico, and peru	OPINION: ICE has published its number on how many people have been deported as a way to discourage more people from coming illegally. Also has a person speaking on the dangers of crossing the border and endurign things like fallign off of the border wall, drowning in the river, or getting kidnapped. 	Video narrated in spanish - split screen showing video on top of ICE deportations and on bottom a still image of man being escorted into plane
 Salt lake city is a sanctuary city according to ICE, but the government offcials say its not. But ICE is not able to hold people for more that 72 hours	OPINION: migrants from the border are heading to salt lake city because they know its a sanctuary city where they can be safe	Male interviewing others on the street
 Group of military aged males invade our country by boat 	OPINION: military aged males are storming the beaches and invading the US illegally	Video recording of a group of people riding a boat on shore and then getting off and running up on the beach and to the road
		
  immigrants from venezuela were being escorted to planes where they will be sent back to their home country after the Biden administration has changed the law around asylum seekers from that country	OPINION: Many venezuelans dreams are being crushed in their search for asylum. they spent most of their lifes earning to try and get here and seek asylum, and now they are being sent back 	video in spanish narrating over images


  claim	opinion	summary
		
People are using alternate routes to get into the US and it is unknown who these people are.	People are coming to the US through the ocean and this is concerning because it is unsure who these people are.	A black man is talking about a clip where it shows a group of people using a speed boat to get onto the beach. Where the whole group then begins to run to cars waiting for them to be picked up. The creator then talks about how it is concerning because the people are unknown and he's worried who they may be.
		
	There is overall a negative view towards illegal immigrants and that they are doing nothing helpful.	Middle aged white man says that why don't the illegal aliens in the US hunt down the sexual predators so they'll be more useful. 
		
NYC is allowing 4000 illegal immigrants to get jobs ahead of others and some states are helping illegals with college costs.	The opinion in this video is that illegal immigrants should not get help for free college and to bring this topic to attention.	Man is bringing up the topic of illegal immigrants being able to go to college free of cost while others have to pay top dollar. He keeps asking his audience what they think on the topic. He brings up how they are taking jobs from others and believes this is not right. He believes that it should be the person who can do the job the best. At the end he also states he doesn't think illegal immigrants should get help to go to college for free.
		
The democratic party is turning on some of the decisions they are making based on how they view sanctuary cities now. The mayor of NYC wants to get this changed and others are making speeches on using money for the people already living in the cities. Also Eric Adams is buying tickets for illegal immigrants to leave.	Sanctuary cities are backfiring and the democratic party was wrong for trying to create them in the first place.	Man is bringing up the topic of NYC being a sanctuary city and how this is backfiring. Showed several clips from FOX News and posts that back his claim up of how politicians and residents want to reverse the cities sanctuary or use tax dollars to benefit the people who are living in NYC and not the illegal immigrants who are coming into the US. 
		
The claim is there is a large amount of migrants crossing and they are intending to stay based on the baggage with them.	The do I-Spy text infers a negative view towards the migrants crossing.	It is a video taken of a large group of people with most, if not all of them being adults. They all have a backpack or baggage that is on the ground in front of them. There is both border patrol and police with them and they seem to be detaining them.
		
In 2024 so far they have apprehended 24,296 Chinese illegal immigrants where 85% of them are single adults. So the increase has been 7000% percent since 2021.	The opinion is that there are a lot of illegal immigrants coming into the US and there has been an influx from certain places. Also to be wary of where migrants are coming from because they could be dangerous.	"The post is of a FOX news report and they cover several news stories about the US-Mexico border. The main story though is on the influx of Chinese immigrants crossing into the US who have been apprehended. The total was just over 24000 and this is just for the beginning of 2024. They also bring up that there are illegals who weren't apprehended and this could bring the count up even more. They also bring up what these immigrants are doing, for example in Maine they are starting marijuana plants and they also show several crimes caused by illegal immigrants.
"
		
		This video is not in the scope of this research because it focuses on the border between Mexico and Guatemala. 
		
		This video is in another language and has to do with Ireland migrants seeking asylum?
		
The claim is that illegal immigrants will be given the ability to return home to their countries legally and return with no penalty. 	There is a positive view of these changes and at the beginning says this is good news for illegal immigrants.	Immigrants will be allowed to return to their respective countries with no penalty. It also has a clip of Maria Elvira Salazar who talks about what does living the life here in the US have to do with the border. How it will work is undocumented immigrants will have to pay $1000 every year for 10 years and during this will be given a legal status if they have lived in the US for at least 5 years and have done nothing illegally.
		
Joe Biden has announced that he has closed off the US-Mexico border.	Spread the word and claims it to be bad news to the people (migrants).	A Spanish speaking man is talking about the US-Mexico border and is telling others that Joe Biden has closed off the border to all migrants. If you do get across then you will be deported. 
		
Migrants are subject to being questioned of their legal status to be turned into ICE. 	There is a worry for migrants and their chances of being deported becoming greater.	A news report from Univision that talks about a new law that will be negative for migrants. What it will do is allow authorities to ask the status of migrants and with the information they will be able to inform ICE to apprehend or deport these people. 
		
People are making long journeys to the Southern border of the US and are being sent back home. They are coming for asylum but the US is saying people aren't eligible.	It is sad that this is happening because people can't wait to cross into the US and this is referred to as bad news for migrants.	It starts by showing a group of people who had been detained by police and border patrol crossing into Texas. They are a group from Venezuela and are being sent back. There is a clip of the head of the patrol who states that it doesn't matter where you're from you will be sent back but there is a legal way to come into the US. The problem is it's a long process and people don't want to wait for several reasons such as danger back home. 
		
		This video has nothing to do with the scope of this research.
		
The US is closing off the border to people coming from the Southern border because a majority of them are coming for welfare and benefits and not to work.	People coming into the US for benefits and welfare are hurting others who are coming for work.	The US has claimed the Southern border as an invasion and they can no longer accept Latino people. They are saying that a majority of the people coming into the US are wanting to get welfare without having to work. The governor of Texas said that when they offer work the migrants get angry which hurts the people who did come to work.
		
People should protest on situations closer to the US.	People should focus on other areas such as the Southern border and block people from crossing into the US.	Young white man talks about how protesters for Hamas blocked the Golden Gate Bridge for justice and asks when they will do that at the Southern border and claims he'll help them.
		
People who want to become citizens of the US have resources to help them.	Helping migrants who have come to the US to get citizenship.	"Woman talking in Spanish is telling people if they are taking a citizenship test and don't understand English they can get help. Where some cases people can take the test in another language or get an interpreter. She then gives a phone number for OIS department services to get help.
"
		
"Using a laser visa migrants or people visiting will be able to cross into the US without the need of a passport legally but there is a process to get it.
"	This will benefit many people who cross into the US legally.	"People will no longer need a passport to come into the US. Instead there is another way using a version of a visa, called a laser visa which will allow people to cross into the US legally. There is also an image and explanation of how to attain one of these visas to come into the US.
"
		
		This video is not relevant to this research. He talks about the real migrant problem and then points camera at birds.
		
People are coming to the Southern border not realizing they legalities for crossing. There are large amounts of people being detained and several groups. In January alone there was 200 children who came unaccompanied. Also in the past year 117000 others were deported without papers.	People are not understanding that there is a legal process when coming to the US-Mexico border.	The US authorities have claimed to have detained 400 Ecuadorians. What they have seen is people who come illegally think once they cross into the US then everything will be ok, but that is not the reality of it. People seeking asylum also don't realize there are requirements for receiving asylum. 
		
People have been coming more recently to the Southern border and ICE has been deporting these people just as quickly.	People from everywhere are being deported back by ICE.	ICE had deported a lot of people back to Central America recently who were attempting to get into the US. It didn't matter who the people were or who they were traveling with. There was more deportation at the end of 2023 than any complete year from 2013 up until halfway between 2023, where 530000 people were deported. ICE had been deporting people very quickly.
		
Some people are taking action against in this case a group of migrants who were traveling across someone's land.	It is unfair for these people to get in trouble and be put on trial for defending their land.	Older woman is on trial or a witness for a trial where her husband took shots at a group of migrants going across his land. This was in the state of Arizona and now there is a case because he hit one of the migrants.
		
There are migrants coming to the US and are able to pay little to nothing to be able to stay and live. Using taxpayer dollars which the government uses to help the migrants live.	It is unfair to the taxpayers and how their money is being used for these migrants.	A younger white man talks about how in Chicago there are two shelters which offer free shelter for migrants. He then interviews a woman who lived at one for 7 months and who recently had a baby. She then tells him she was able to be moved to a house that the government helped her with. He then says that she worked the system perfectly and didn't have to pay anything and is using the US taxpayers money.
A man says illegal immigrants should hunt down child predators so they would be more useful- and it would be aliens vs predators.		He implies illegal immigrants aren't useful, but also that they aren't child predators. 
A man, calling himself Mr. Wacky, claims illegal aliens get free college, paid with U.S. tax money, while everyone else has to pay top dollar.	Americans pay up to $100,000/year for college. New York City said they're going to give 4000 illegals jobs, prioritizing them.	U.S. taxes fund free college and living costs for illegal immigrants, and it's wrong. Illegal immigrants use their college money on food, board, to trash 5-star hotels, and get laundry service. They also get first access to jobs. Affirmative action is now racist. Hiring managers that consider race, age, gender, ability, and/or sexuality are idiots- they should always hire the best person for the job.
		
Captioned, "Do I spy carry-on luggage?", this is a video of supposedly Mexican immigrants lined up with carry-size baggage, separated by men and women. Assorted police / military / border patrol officers go down the lines checking baggage, patting down individuals, and having them present pieces of paper.		
		
